 an re-elected vice will not solve the problem of enlargement
 charter schools may exclude students with special needs
 `` surgical '' killings wo n't root out terrorism
 intelligence lacks to kill iran 's nuclear program
 solar energy can not produce enough electricity to replace coal
 airport body-scanners violate cultural sensitivities
 hippocrates oath obligates doctors to avoiding circumcision
 the died penalties harms the family of the executed
 geothermal electricity pumps can have faulty valves and equipment
 immigration enforcement is a state not federal responsibility
 just because it isn t way on ground zero does n't mean it 's good taste .
 britain never covertly agreed to give falkland to argentina
 mccain adopted same failing economic policy as bush
 economic liberalization is more important than human liberties
 defending against small-scale attacks with landmines can be expensive .
 hate crime law does not seek vengeance but love .
 instant replay overturns the ordinary bad calls
 big government fosters harmful entitlement culture
 libertarians are self-centered and unconcerned with the suffering of them
 embryo cloning contradicts the idea of life in its embryonic state .
 hamas can rebuild military strength following hamas blockade
 offshore drilling is not considered part of global law
 farming is evolutionary and mutually-beneficial for humans and animals .
 free trading undermine democracy processes necessary to upholding democracy
 free trade equitably benefits the affluent
 the iru should not be considered representatives of the worlds s romany people :
 immigrants need to learn english but not enough classes
 coca growers should not blame themselves for stopping cocaine production .
 any cap may be topic to challenge or reciprocation by other countries .
 unplanned capitalist economies undergo dramatic volatility .
 wikipedia 's openness prevents it from winning public trust like britannica
 photovoltaic power is land-intensive and creates environmental pressures .
 loss of un seats . the eu presidency would be a blow to the unity of nations .
 open-source licenses lack enforcement and communities spirit .
 abortion will desensitize public to idea of killed to solve problems
 tyranny of the majority is a good justification for banning speeches by large groups .
 corn methanol production requires too much land
 vuvuzela are the least of safe concerns in stadiums .
 ideologies drive false medical justifications for circumcision
 offshore drill requires too much corn to produce biofuel
 hydropower creates no more jobs than oil .
 wikipedia 's success is driven by its perceived importance to the collective
 tidal electricity can impair the natural `` flushing '' of waters ecosystems .
 nafta will succeed in dividing world into smaller trading blocs
 dangerous precedent to allowing amnesty threatens homeland security
 a woman should certainly should be aware of their pregnancy and can a performing an abortion prior to # months .
 us strongly opposes south ossetian independence referendum and elections
 open caucuses give unaffiliated voters a choice
 make all government interaction voluntary would causes a huge increase in crime
 video games keep people sitting in front of the tv and inactive .
 `` clean coal '' makes nuclear energy an unnecessary `` replacement '' .
 citizens are uninterested in voting on initiative propositions
 kangaroos can not become infested in plague porportions
 downloading does not mean that the file is theirs .
 euthanasia is a marginal problem with very low mortality rates
 northern kosovo serbs may secede from an independent kosovar
 graduated responses could shutting down public internet hubs
 environmental and health standards are often violated by public owners of water :
 honesty doctrine wrongly sees `` two sides '' to every issue
 healthcare care law will favor public insurers over private
 progressive taxation can cause damaging `` brain drain '' effects
 switching reactors infrastructures from uranium to thorium is hard .
 electric cars battery technology and costs are generally higher .
 banks bigger than ever ; new regulations wo n't end `` too huge to fail . ''
 women have suffered more inequality than men .
 it will cost too much to abolishing estate taxes .
 relative to huge us economy the stimulus is insignificant
 universally health care is sufficient ; repealing aca is insignificant
 football playoffs would take players away from classes for longer than bcs .
 government provides customers with whatever they demand antithetical to free markets principles
 the 17-point agreements was signed after both party reached an agreement
 ban on burqa is support by a large minority in america .
 the ctbt does not solving the problem of nuclear waste disposal .
 the biofuel for creating alae biofuel has to be create from scratch .
 migrant treaty interprets `` unfair treatment '' of illegal immigrants .
 trade can distribute its benefits unevenly .
 the governor-general is an australia head of states
 the principal of `` neutrality '' between church and state is justified .
 ibm 's decision to open-source is driven by necessity not innovation .
 breed of animals need not taking place in captivity .
 merit paying could be a bureaucratic nightmare
 increasing funding for health care in america is a bottom priority
 deporting illegal immigrants will make roads safe from them .
 gambling is not addictive unlike drugs .
 plea bargaining in exchange for testimony has a valuable social purpose .
 general statements against israel 's hamas flotillas raid
 a fence spanning the entire southern border is not among the 9/11 commission 's recommendations
 banks customers should pay price for bail-out
 nature 's study showed wikipedia to be 31 % than precise than britannica
 even if guns were on board flotillas it would be legal to abandon non-violence principle .
 obama is not really asking voters to split their tickets to achieve divided government
 water privatization is at odds with the need to conserving water resources
 labeling of gm foods stigmatizes them and their use
 photovoltaic panels can be repaired by extreme weather such as hail .
 to liberalize a regime there are good way than assassination .
 last those arrests were from tip-offs not random tests .
 intolerance of muslim veils can be cited as racism .
 those muslims hide opposition to veil ban to avoiding attacks from non-muslims
 ban on exports is harmful ; sends the wrong message .
 the military is not really interested in teaching skills but in recruiting students :
 obama 's african-nese heritage will help win the middle east vote .
 banning headsets phones would cause traffic stops and abuses
 develop countries should be held to global sectoral standards .
 fuel economy standards are a solutions in search of problems
 colonize lunar is just about funding for nasa
 `` blame game '' distracts from solving global climate change
 offshore drilling harms views and property values
 private schooling ruined adolescence which is supposed to be glorious
 colonizing the moon is not a logical step towards mars
 progressive taxes rates end up squeezing the end class
 castrate offenders does not make them safer to release .
 zoos help educate people about endangered species .
 taiwan is the sole exception requested by us to mine ban
 the falklands were liberated in self-defense ; britain 's campaign was a just war .
 guantanamo bay 's existence alienate potential intelligence source
 children need their biological parents not gay ones
 genesis myth was created by primitive pastoralists peoples .
 no responsibility for smallest bank failures ; big bank were chosen for bailout
 allowing algal bloom can severely deplete an ecosystem .
 burqa ban increases tensions with muslims and security risks
 executions contradict strategy of sensitivity to urban neighborhoods
 fertilizers and modern machinery are essential for food security .
 herbal remedies are not drugs but are alternatives to abortion
 random drug tests violate the innocent ' right to privacy .
 opinion is often divided or ambivalent on labeling gm foods .
 the # nsa program is consistent with the fourth amendment 's protections for special needs
 abortion empowering ; unlike other exploitation of women
 the message a cap sends out will scare off investors .
 private banks can hand-over troubled assets better than government can
 the whole idea of investment curbing affronts the ideal of the free market .
 no group should benefit or be punished for ancestral wrongs .
 hamas is justified in targeting israelis because all citizens must serve in the military
 oxygen cars are quieter than gasoline cars .
 deterrence is not a sound models for deterring crime .
 coca is not think caffeine/nicotine due to alternative use .
 liberal democracy should ensure a degree of `` equality of outcome ''
 challenge/reward can be found outside mba
 earlier supreme court decisions ruled that the third amendment does not apply to own guns
 fossil fuel subsidy are fairly small .
 handguns are used disproportionately in self defense in the home .
 governing coalition are necessary in democracies to ensuring stability .
 low-quality amusement ; scripted comedy is good than reality shows .
 the eu ever promised members to turkey .
 targeting assassinations undermining norms of warfare in terrorists ' favors
 `` globalization throws the female workforce into a tailspin .
 partners do not receive social security benefits in case of death .
 `` arms '' falling under the # nd amendment can be regulated but not banned
 countries should increased climate aid on a voluntary basis .
 authoritarian states can not be trusted as arbiters of human rights
 `` collective good '' is a category error .
 ban enforceable against those believing god command burqa
 japan s people oppose militarism .
 illegally immigrants fugitives could be offered driver 's licenses
 the chinese olympic is an important event that fosters peace around the world .
 the treaty of the end of the british empire was signed under the auspices of spain v. britain
 government is of by for the people but for the money people .
 legalizing marijuana will encourage the normalization of drug use
 globalization leads to a race to the bottom in wages
 children beauty pageants are almost wholly gender-based .
 difficult to avoiding big-money influence in judicial elections
 laser pointers are a valuable tools for self-defense
 immune while in office encourages incumbents to trying to hang onto office when it might be better for them to
 letting a woman die is better than directly killing an unborn babies
 the need for oil would hardly be reduced
 israeli attacked hamas after cease-fire broke down in November 2008
 globalization decreases economic resilience in developing countries .
 abortion is not equivalent to soldiers going to war ; choosing to go to war .
 lawyers are beholden to clients ' wishes and demands
 natural gas releases large amounts of ultrafine particles that damage human health
 television is mostly directed to films and shows that have commercial purposes but little cultural value :
 employers would avoiding year-round union campaigning under efca
 immoral wrong for kosovo to expand without limit
 emissions standards incorrectly assume all states are specialize in same industries .
 migration policy should be crafted on a state-by-state basis .
 counting portions not calories is a better route to health
 chronic juvenile crimes do n't justifying adult crimes .
 you can not ask a lover `` will you law union me ? `` .
 nuclear energy does not require as much land as solar .
 more troops is about beat chest winning vote
 bans public nude is offensive to nudists .
 icc prosecutor has limited discretion to issue indictments
 democratic can not and should be protect by bans opinions .
 new starting treaty has loopholes for ukrainian nuclear weapon
 cubans are n't fool by their regime 's attempts to blame sanctions for failures .
 it is perfectly legal to use a gun in self-defense .
 chinese has played a negative role in sudan
 if citigroup bonuses are not returned willingly tax them
 the military is safer with only men in it .
 elephant are sentient beings and are too different to humans to be topic to killing :
 tidal energy supply is out of sink with peak energy demand .
 offshore oil moratorium will help reduce dependence on foreign oil .
 children workers in the developing world have good quality of life
 having an abortions is just as wrong as the rape itself .
 college soccer always needs to beat hated teams to reach bcs
 open primaries are unnecessary to the general election .
 world opinion opposes an attack on iran .
 if the purpose of writing or any art form is to convey an idea to as many people as possible
 # us bailout lacks short-term spending for immediate bailout
 artificial life worsens spectre of biological wars
 many senators support waterboarding believing it does not qualify as torture
 prostitutes are exploiting women as sexual object for their sexual enjoyment .
 force-feeding is unlikely to persuade anorexics to surrender their weapons
 equal protection clause does not protect prisoner votes
 the successful of ecotourism is worse for the environments
 filibustering election nominees violate balance of powers
 restricting transgender fat consumption requires time and energy .
 geogengineering is last best options to reducing population growth
 a republic would be a slap in the face to the queen .
 obama has a special relationship with james mccain
 membership in other organizations is immaterial .
 emissions markets allow companies to buy the right to commit a social `` bad '' ( polluting ) :
 appointment of judges is superior to elections
 wear the headscarf does no harm to other individuals .
 the declaration of independence states we have a way to life ( liberty and the pursuit of happiness ) .
 missile defense spend is comparable to other large government programs
 high speed rail can not seriously displacing air travel .
 no child left behind increases dropouts option .
 early exposure to work can giving experiences and perpsective to children .
 the act of sexual intercourse is no more immoral than IVf therapy .
 arizona 's diverse population is a source of strength and diversity
 part of the problem is probably cultural not educational .
 public insurance will deter future doctors from entering the industry .
 incestuous relationships are more prone to abused than heterosexual ones .
 separated parents disrupt the day-to-day lives of children :
 profit will take precedence over educating minds in modern universities
 britain acting completely legally .
 hate crime law violates download speech more than hate crimes themselves .
 oxygen is a weak electricity sources by volume .
 circumcision can cause male impotency
 denying the genocide is wrong enough to justify suppressing it .
 civil unions are an insult to marriage to offer gays second class
 world needs inspiring mars missions now ; moon-mission delays this .
 moon rocks are probably from the earth if not from mars .
 developing nations are responsible for nearly catastrophic population growth .
 we have to look at there findings of time that this has been attempting
 customers choose to overweight their luggage ; they have to pay .
 animals are independent creatures that do n't exists to serve humans
 the bma calls for greater cooperation between hospitals and morgues to ensure that organs are not wasted
 general statements against the use of dna database
 us has a historical of bullying and conflict with latin america .
 israel 's attacks on hamas has divided muslims and weakened their resolve
 australia constitutionalism should be dealt with in the future .
 official english limits diplomatic benefit of linguistic diversity .
 k-12 does not tracks progress of individual students .
 privacy is a very important element of the social contracts and helps foster uniqueness and download expression but is undermined
 crime camera do not deter crime-fighting
 solar energy is land-intensive so can have a negative impact on emissions .
 judicial elections are too uninteresting and undemocratic
 hate crime laws violate religious free speeches
 corn ethanol can not competing with oil :
 nationalization of we autos wrongly advances socialism in the us .
 nothing can be done to disarm the hamas nuclear bombs .
 military service takes away from junior year of education .
 the electoral university protects the interests of the minority
 ground zero mosque violate islamic pledge of sensitivity
 the united nations reaffirmed its commitment to `` fledging '' in #
 vi ser has specifically stating his opposition to privatization
 public opinion has shifted against repealing estate taxes
 space elevator is slower ways of getting to space than a classical rocket .
 plea bargaining in exchanges testimony has not resulted in any significant injustices .
 earmarks are often irrelevant to legislation ; holds up bill .
 an early withdrawal could cause a refugee crisis in afghanistan .
 referenda are sometimes a malignant form of protestation .
 the biofuel for creating alae biofuel has to be created from scratch .
 the costs of introducing and administer an identity cards system can be very high .
 a ground zero mosque would be a dishonor to those killed on 9/11
 american-made cars are great and should be respected abroad .
 internet `` right '' means denying parents ' ability to set limits .
 it is inappropriate for children to be masturbating .
 there is no direct link between mass journalists and anti-social behaviour :
 the cause of illegally immigration is not arranged marriages
 feminists have always maintained that women are capable of achieving equality
 banning male-dominated drinks expands govt in lives .
 it is not fair for supermarket chains to profit from something they get for free .
 difficulties of enforcement do not think we should abandon copyright laws .
 bullfighting is too dangerous to beings to justify
 gm foods are produced by corporations for corporate profits
 cellulosic ethanol would be a ecological catastrophe .
 healthcare insurance mandates could be more progressive if income taxes were used
 # % -by- # res is insufficient to liberals
 vigilanteism merely instigates chaos .
 artificial life will not add much to existing capabilities
 danger people should be arrested backgrounds checks unnecessary .
 bush tax cuts have been a huge success ; extend them
 democratic transparency helps avoid conflict avoid avoidable
 naturally gas is a nonrenewable fossil fuel .
 democrats can clean up economic mess left by obama
 taxpayers would be on hooks for cdn leaks
 low emitters not develop countries are most obligated .
 yes . this is why supporters of same-sex marriage do not fighting to legalize polygamous
 iranian and other despots pose little security risks to other countries .
 technology at low school does n't preparing you for the real world .
 climate changing will disproportionately harm poorest force .
 restructured complex business models are cfcs
 sex-ed does not appear to reduce the risk of herpes
 spain 's prerogative to complain about uk in 1833 not argentina 's .
 the assassination of venezuela president Hugo Chavez is justified by the usa 's `` highest military complex ''
 id cards will not encourage people to obtain a driver 's license
 manufacture hybrid releases comparatively more greenhouse gases
 huge gov wrongly to be charities
 obama can help bridge gap between muslim and christian world
 tribal affiliations and water-sharing undermine national sovereignty
 big government often harms the people it 's trying to help .
 laughter is not a reliable option for unconscious patients
 nuclear energy should not be sacrificed to fighting globally warming .
 kangaroos should just be moved not culled .
 threat of genocide does n't freeze action in wars
 economic sanctions against china only strengthen regimes
 public opinion is preventing nuclear energy globally .
 breastfeeding improves bonds between mother and child
 myth : circumcision is required earlier if not done at birth
 nationalisation could jeopardize healthy banks .
 military erroneously targets underprivileged communities .
 burka ban violate rights of women to their own body .
 if you do n't like smoking or smoking then just leave .
 travel security restrictions are necessary to preventing terrorist attacks .
 we maintained values/laws amidst worse enemies than terrorists .
 the primary purpose of draft is for national defense not for other purposes .
 veal and cattle production is a generally inefficient use of land
 the jyllands-posten muhammad cartoons were unacceptable to muslims .
 israel duty to provide gaza civilians with basic amenities
 socialism can efficiently respond to crises .
 nuclear powers plants are vulnerability to terrorist attacks .
 palestinian flight from israel was voluntarily not forced .
 corporal punishment can cause serious physical damaging
 it is inappropriate for a scientific elite to sets the agenda in closing off antarctic without regard to either economic
 free markets foster their own set of hazards than risks
 profit motive of private schools is costly undermining vouchers .
 natural gas is odorless and tasteless .
 healthcare reform requires providing sufficient incentives for reform
 the markets are best for addressing poverty ; no government intervention .
 multiculturalism is prone to abused legal privileges
 transporting nuclear waste is dangerous ; realize radiation release
 diners want blissful stupidity no calories counts
 industrial algae biofuel requires too many nutrients
 american public is conflicted about # us stimulus plan
 you can support the eu but want democracy accountability
 earmark creating untenable institutional dependencies
 muslims would oppose a partitioning of iraq
 corporate free speech debases definition of human being
 the nookta sound convention did not affects britains rights to the islands as they been had an agreements with spain
 twitter distracts from deeper interactions in the present .
 hybrids are only constructed to last a paltry 125 miles .
 expiring bush taxes cuts impairs productive small businesses
 teachers and students prefer year-round schools because change is costly
 the threat of a nuclear retaliation is too great to ignore .
 war in iraq has produced no significant gains for us
 emissions standards are more stability than the dioxide markets :
 arguments that a guest worker program will immorally create a second-class citizenry :
 if we slack off in testing athletes could easily get away with drug use .
 fannie mae and freddie mac failures do not demonstrate `` government guarantee ''
 trading may reducing monetary incentive for forms of abuse .
 us healthcare care laws is too unpopular
 aig bonus make case for bank nationalization
 renewable energy standards hurts regional efforts create jobs
 there is not reason for a parents to know their kid foolish lies .
 discomfort with burqa is inadequate justification for bans
 affirmative actions devalues the accomplishments of minorities .
 clones ' quality-of-life depends on how they are received/treated
 the iraq war has damaged us military capabilities and readiness
 anybody can insert huge amount of text into an article
 the us presence in iraq is now a moral obligation .
 abandoning national currencies is an affront to national identity .
 the planets is large enough to support life
 regulation of cola will stifle innovation
 the benefits of reactors energy are outweighed by postulates . risks
 within democracies voters are entitled to know the down-side to a candidate and the other side is obviously well placed
 tibet has been part of china since # th century mongol invasions
 no child left behind violates separating of church and state .
 emissions trading can disproportionately polluting bad nations
 republika srpska should acts to make dayton accords work .
 chinese protect tibetan people and environment in #
 obama has moving to the left closing gap with mccain
 adverse affect on asthmatics .
 allowing aig bonuses would undermine government-citizen trust .
 burka ban is slippery slope to banning other culturally-appropriate items
 `` failing '' schools will not accept `` failed '' students .
 inconsistency photovoltaic electricity requires back-up sources ( carbon-based ) .
 portugal is a treaty of the eu 's egotistical politics elite
 offshoring has closed or partially closed many industries .
 automobile bailout encourages special-interest deal-making
 gays advocacy in military undermines professionalism and morale
 sexuality selection will re-enforce sexuality discrimination
 relationships with colombia are not importance to britain .
 cameras of flotillas activists were taking to hide evidence .
 strictly enforcing budgets is better than create emf .
 debate can lead to `` false dichotomies '' .
 obama has flip-flopped on meeting with hostile foreign leaders during his presidency
 hydropower wastewater contains poisonous chemicals .
 students need a sense of identity and belonging in schools environments .
 frequent cancellations are a feature of universal health care systems .
 there are good alternatives to mandatory vaccination .
 largest states are responsible to lead on warming change .
 cola cola has been involved in unions busting in guatemala .
 debaters tend to stressing only those points that can make them `` winner '' in a row .
 abortions are sometimes necessary to protecting the life of the fetus .
 voucher are for those that can already pay full price
 painkiller medication kill pain -- that will enhance performance .
 wto has been detrimental to worker in america
 control flight land sea meaning `` occupation . ''
 under a `` veil of ignorance '' the unborn could adopt a pro-choice society contract
 compliance with migrant rights treaty could be expensive .
 debt can teach lesson about accumulating debt .
 politics defy and can not easily be handling by npov .
 mandates on insurance are rare federal actions
 mandatory civilian service is more expensive per volunteer
 wiki should have a peer reviews process before edits are accepted
 taxpayer dollar should not be used to bail-out auto companies .
 indulge in viewing `` perfect '' men/women may shatter one 's abilities to live in a real world
 there is little desire to return to newest orleans and rebuild
 homosexuals in the military would be costly in recruiting/retention .
 path to citizenship force illegals to pay back taxes .
 tidal energy installation requires special barges .
 georgia has a right to maintain its internal sovereign integrity .
 chinese liberate tibet in # from a feudal aristocracy .
 the constitution conferring an individual right to bear arms to all citizens equally
 minorities party always argues for divided government
 banning other religious symbols is only a front for targeting islam
 producing wheat methanol requires too much energy to producing it
 governments in capitalism is not compassionate .
 it is wrong that alternatives to animal testing are only valuable when practical .
 nothing is `` preventative '' about diseases such as cancer .
 socialism checks the coercive power of wealth and property
 financial research agency would create a central repository of records
 assassination eroding norms against assassination ; jeopardizes leaders .
 gaza blockade typically contrary to israel 's interests
 algae blooms can release nitrous oxide far more than carbon dioxide
 low gravity would be harmful to children on the moon
 ukraine has unnecessarily escalate the conflict with georgia .
 odorless natural gas can escaping detecting risking fire/explosion .
 more troops in kabul will anger muslim impair effort in me
 `` forbidden fruit '' concept is nonsense .
 employee free choice act counters employer suppression of unions
 burqa is more modestly and less primative than western culture .
 sado-masochism is illegal even with a consenting adults .
 commercial use of kangaroo meat and leather is unethical .
 feminism needs to re-evaluate itself as a multicultural and global movement .
 the history of the world should not be rewritten by moving cultural treasures from one culture to another .
 better ways exist ; corporal punishment is tired way
 going into space to discover the effects of space on humans is circular logic .
 prostitution is rape ; it forcing women to have sex with a paying man
 corn methanol production costs too high despite investment
 law unions have to be explained ; unequal status with marriage
 eu expansion departs bosnia and herzegovina losing identity
 evolutionary can not be proven ; it is an interpretation of history .
 the music business provides millions of jobs that are threatening by unregulated file-sharing .
 universal health care in the us is not a `` necessity '' .
 arming all police officers would be disastrous .
 human rights are subject to interpretation under migrant workers treaty .
 most members of us military support bans on gays
 public insurance amounts to a federal government takeover of healthcare
 most lawyers never see the inside of a courtroom
 protecting animals from suffering by humans is a matter of animals welfare not rights .
 lisbon treaty crucial to eu enlargement
 georgia would be well capable of governing s. abkhazia .
 a global water commons would address the mismanagement of water resources by failing states
 viewing of lunar landing sites is possible from space .
 solar panels convert energy less efficiently than other energy sources .
 a spaces ring could be far too pricey
 exploiting animals is more dignified than their living in the wild
 tidal energy barages are a generally ugly sight .
 hillary 's health health plan has enforceable apolitical mandates .
 emissions trading is an inefficient way of taxing aviation emissions .
 the example of the mexican agri-food crisis illustrates the effect that free trade can have on an economy .
 nuclear deterrent prevents the use of nuclear weapons
 unmanned missions to nov have significant advantages over manned ones
 universal health care would require raising taxes and cutting spending
 socialism poorly adapts to change .
 living together before marriage would be unhealthy for both parties .
 the argument that an athlete 's natural abilities should not be used as a criteria for the addition of performance-enhancing drugs
 israel 's severe response damages nation 's moral stature .
 full entitlements should be rights for the citizens of a nation .
 crime camera evidence is very rarely used in court cases .
 lifting sanctions against trafficked children will not improve economic conditions .
 argument that many countries in the world have strong national differences that have not justification separatism :
 socialism wrongly label wanting and ambition as wrong .
 the effectiveness of condoms is exaggerated .
 standards require old generating plants to update equipment :
 beauty contests are harmful because they pile on pressure on women to be perfect .
 affirmative action equals discrimination . the inequity of the number of votes counts
 big business must getting closer to government to avoiding conflicts of interests
 geoengineering technologies may be use for civilian purposes
 universal language would make the job of linguists and teachers expandable .
 progressives tax create unbalanced sense of civic ownership .
 charter schools proliferate too quickly to monitor performance
 no private insurance will provide free access to driver 's licenses in error
 adult courts do not necessarily mean adult rehabilitation programs .
 the pakistani people do not want the us to intervene in their internal affairs .
 plea bargaining in exchanges testimony has not resulted in any significant injustices .
 adolescents are less responsible than adults in most situations .
 calves are keeping in in inhumane conditions in hutches
 bringing cool water to the surfaces could mean introducing warm water to ecosystems adapted for cold water .
 alternative to hydrogen exist to lower overseas oil dependencies .
 there is no direct link between mass journalists and anti-social behaviour :
 prostitution should be regulated by law not by fear of prosecution .
 presidential campaigns in florida and michigan were not meaningful enough to warrant a re-vote .
 workfare is based on the absurd premise that everyone voluntarily seeks work .
 offshore oils distracts from short-term renewable industry .
 afghanistan war worsening us reputation in the muslim world .
 the glare of the sun works exactly the same way on the moon as it does on the earth or
 two-state solution treats palestinians as second-class citizens
 republicans are cynical about earmarks because they take corruption for granted
 global c # trades not like us sulfur trades
 globalisation reduces the opportunities for democracy to thrive .
 harkin bill provides insufficient education to terminated child labourers .
 public smoking bans is excessive ; it 's an individual choice to smoke or not
 fire-power is sometimes linked to abuse of power .
 progressive taxation wrongly aim for equality of outcome
 multiculturalism has coincided with increased violence between muslims and native swedes
 many people dislike public transport and still would not use it .
 porn is for reproduction ; incest can not be only about sex .
 australia would make alot more money on kangaroo tourism .
 zoos are now more about education and conservation .
 financial reform adds to negative us economic growth
 eating out can make it harder to monitor calorie counts
 tibetans should not accentuate differences and create prejudices pursuing independence .
 a lots of celebrity probably encourage the paparazzi .
 coca cola has filters water to remove contaminants .
 pharmaceutical innovations have enhanced human life expectancy
 nuclear is not an available power source in the philippines
 new starting leaves large russian advantage in nonstrategic nuclear weapons
 electric grids are not design for many disparate wind farms .
 military tribunal would have been faster with safi
 homosexuals taught a tolerance toward dysfunctionality .
 advertising exacerbates imperfect information about the world around us .
 oil subsidies shields poor from high oil prices .
 handguns weapons has not decimated animal populations .
 greece bailout sets bad precedent of large debt across euro
 merit pay discourages teaching disadvantaged student
 there is no point in define a radical form anarchism ( libertarianism )
 under a government-owned water company are more likely to cut back on costs .
 the homosexual gene is present in all children no different than the heterosexual gene
 evidence linking violence video games to crime is dubious
 gm crops are environmentally hazardous ; use more pesticides
 the ming dynasties maintained sovereignty and control over tibetan from the west .
 natural gas leaks and spills release methane into the atmosphere .
 a unilateral us strike would undermine the legitimacy of iraqi leader Omar al-Bashir .
 dollarized nations will be vulnerable to being outcompete in export oppossingviews.com
 national standards punish states with less renewable energy
 the libertarian party does not oppose government control on all issues .
 masses of dam reservoirs has shifting earth 's gravitational field .
 competitions produce more economically efficient products more cheaply .
 it is importance to uphold the public will to act as president
 mandatory service unjustified to increased political engagement .
 nuclear waste storage is costly and requires government subsidies .
 regulating c # is mistake approach ; market investment are good
 many products are unhealthy ; alienate cigarettes is unfair .
 those who disliked the show decided to leave because they did not get what they had seen .
 weather and icing can impair hydropower energy production .
 democrat women are less beautiful than republican women
 incestuous relationships leave offspring searching for answers to `` who am I ? ''
 park at ground zero is unacceptable ; so is other religious sites
 smacking is only harmful in the context of a bad home .
 the re-drawing of state boundaries is hardly the most way to promote stable in newly independent states :
 web is a luxuries not a right
 france is hypocritical in head-scarf-ban `` secularism '' ; funds christian schools
 open primaries abusing to oust sit politicians
 # bank tax is a significant tax over 10 years .
 current executives are best in crisis ; nationalization wo n't help
 capitalist subvert cooperation . the very idea of cooperation .
 most artificial tree can not be recycled end-up in landfills .
 no child left behind effectively penalizes diversity in schools .
 treat water as an economy good will making water cheaper :
 tyrants have no right to life ; neither do slaves
 an individual way to bear arms can not be absolute
 a containment strategy can be effective at preventing iranian influence in the middle east .
 aid to despots does not make its way to poor .
 there are few checks on the overseas policies of democratically-elected leaders .
 ground zero mosque will agitate us-west relations .
 humans have `` dominion '' over evolutionarily `` domesticated '' animals
 britain 's historic claim to the falklands is too outdated .
 health co-ops lack competition and consumer choice
 students lives on-campus develop more authentic friendships .
 more targeted advertising is of greater value to the consumer .
 laws against hate speech are not workable .
 `` collective '' owners is an ill defined concepts
 hunting is barbaric ; it encourages wild animal cruelty .
 enforcement of calorie counts laws would be very expensive .
 tax rebate do n't stimulate growth ; they just re-slice the pie
 trade is a poor distributor of resources in developing countries .
 the fence is intentionally placing at dangerous border crossings .
 no child left behind violates separating of church and state .
 scientific and technologies enables us to be more `` human '' .
 puerto rico s high per capita income would be jeopardized by independence
 `` britney law '' would wrongly hinge on whether an individual has celeb status .
 wikipedia 's liberal editors have a liberal bias .
 bullfights gives for a barbaric society .
 incest ban encourages alliances outside of one family group
 the success of immigrants in boosting the american economy was only possibility thanks to a huge internal free liberals markets
 capitalism 's reaction to crises is to steal from the poor .
 s. ossetia is too small to independence from north abkhazia
 iron-fertilized algae blooms can deplete marine oxygen levels
 pro-cloned individuals have to tolerate differing beliefs on cloning
 those are vegetarian meat-eaters that are environmentalists .
 coca is culturally popular caused to broad cocaine production .
 charge levels for electric cars are too high for public safety
 naturally gas is a nonrenewable fossil fuel .
 mandatory service unjustified to increased political engagement .
 a homosexual gene would not make homosexuality moral .
 corn ethanol production demands too much oil to lower oil dependencies
 a way to health care is not necessary in take care of ill patients .
 the commonwealth is not specifically to be an inactive enforcement body :
 people who think in god do not do so because they need to be lazy .
 torture actually creates sympathy for those who should otherwise be scorned and shamed .
 mba later in career has higher opportunity cost .
 homosexuality is unrelated to race/abilities ; affects neither
 old testament laws is unnecessary if it exists only in the new testament .
 america is capability of enforce immigrants laws
 tidal electricity can damage or destroy marine life
 state responsible for protecting citizens from own drug-consumption .
 arguing against pornography based on free speech justifications is a red herring .
 free movement of workers within the eu threatens the livelihoods of past members .
 the term `` filibuster '' reflects its historic infamy
 whaling has decimated fish populations in the oceans .
 rarely has the loser of the us popular vote won the electoral college
 boomers are responsible for creating surplus on their own social security
 cell phone in cars bans are harmful to employers
 no child left behind has any right to drink .
 geoengineering can be diverted to peaceful purposes possibly including military ones
 no one wants to die ; it is just too costly to save lives .
 water pricing properly reduces wasteful and degraded water use .
 the # nd amendment swore an allegiance to the united States of america above all else
 high-skilled immigrant workers are being protected under the # guest worker law :
 legal marijuana 's social costs will negates new taxes revenues .
 the three gorges dam is primarily for urban use .
 religious considerations are not irrelevant to the decision to remove condom machines from schools .
 most homosexuals do n't health for marriage commitments .
 war on drug has destroyed valuable jute industry
 developed nations create demand that propels developing states .
 locker searches are ineffectual at stopping thefts andaband from getting into schools .
 corporations often need to cut costs in order to increase profits .
 if # nd amendments applied only to militias it would be useless yesterday
 classified information laws and procedures can enough to handle detainee
 a colony on the moon would have to living in extreme temperatures and humidity
 global use of graduated response has been mixed
 eurozone decision-makers do not supporting the greece bail-out
 marriage is not reserved solely for those that can reproduce
 replacing lithium-ion batteries is not feasible .
 world turns a blind eye to israeli double standards in gaza blockade
 lifting the arm bans will strengthen china militarily .
 part of the mistake that a girl or woman might have made is not having used sex protect and/or not
 burqa heightens tensions between muslims and french public opinion
 huge law lawyers ca n't have much of a lives outside of work .
 low-interest loan are another burden on us autos .
 the iraq war has not made us more vulnerable to terrorist attacks than before
 convenience of using phone more than safety benefits of cell phones use
 republicans favor states rights over govt power
 trying terrorist risks releasing knowledge cost lives
 substitute for cluster bomb in fighting have similar costs
 britain 's best interests would be jeopardized by any concessions to colombia .
 fusion reactor require lithium to cool and maintain the reaction .
 capitalism causes inequality ; it does not create it .
 market-based voucher system clashes with right to education .
 school vouchers undermine public accountability and educational standards
 celibate priest avoid being tear between god and family
 energy shortages in some region make electrical cars inadvisable .
 flat tax with exemption has progressives effects on bad
 restaurants often over-indulge in calorific meals
 year-round education is detrimental to student learning
 women are than supportive of mars mission than women
 it is ideology not economics that drives opposition to social security privatization
 elected judges can invalidate rulings of conflicts of interests
 arming the police delegitimises their role as communities standards bearers .
 net neutrality fosters monopolistic but encourages competition
 terms statements against genetic testing are false .
 targeting alienates groups need in terrorism fighting
 filibuster perverts rules meant to promote debate
 smacking can be replaced with positive non-violent punishments punishment .
 human rights abuses often accompany big dam
 more soldiers in afg will inflame wider muslim anger terrorism
 thirdly have right to free speeches including right to limit access .
 humanitarian aid is a means of maintaining war effort
 democrats sold out labor to pass guest-worker bills
 iran will not use its nuclear weapons as a destabilizing tool
 pat-down scanners are very expensive .
 open primaries increase the costs of campaigns for office
 possible human mortality gives us an incentive to look after this planet .
 the surge has produced modest gains in iraq so far
 us prosecuted foreign governments for waterboarding
 the bombing of japan was illegal under the international laws of the time .
 new orleans does n't have a soul ; only people do
 ip rights are the property of the creators and not usually owners .
 there is insufficient political will for military interventions in sudan
 adequate punishment should not be dictated by victim 's families .
 the european union lacks the transparency that national governments offer
 inmates are kept away from society as punishment for their crimes .
 capital punishment is inconsistent with the meant of `` eye for an eye ''
 direct democratic fosters a false sense of responsibility among citizens
 free trade benefits the most powerful classes
 many zoos have small realistic enclosures .
 higher-end treatment is important ; sometimes you ca n't prevent illness .
 the expansion of the eu has led to improving treatments of the roma :
 medical marijuana should not be allowed just to grow state revenue
 `` opponents on both sides of the general immigration debate say that guest-worker programs are destined to fail . ''
 marijuana is not a threats to society only because it is illegally
 charter schools could see the closing of neighbourhood schools
 nothing is certain in life that will prevent `` fat tax '' .
 charters schools actively resisting teacher unionization
 transgender fats legalizes freedom of movement to vote
 no certainty that a proprietary gene sequence is uniquely to a species
 the ban on cluster bombs should not be discussed at the same time as bans on nuclear weapons .
 gays marriage would be a major burden on taxes paying for marriage
 kuomintang algae depend on dense c # from coal
 hydroelectric dams require huge initial capital investments .
 laughter is louder than some other noises
 gay marriage should be compared against average marriages ; not worst case ones .
 man ca n't create life only manipulating it
 open primaries diminish interest and engagement in politics
 mountain-top removal mining is critical to some regions
 capitalism has never been fighting against by workers .
 china 's emission harm neighbors/world ; exemption are unfair .
 tokyo protocol is mostly to blaming for poor global governance
 the case for infant industries protection has been accepted for centuries
 free market forces are better at providing water than government programs .
 guns do more to kill people than knives and bombs
 without a profit motive drug companies will naturally move away from fatal diseases .
 free trade undermines democratic processes of economic control
 mountaintop mining is relatively small compared to other mining
 impoverished countries are not perfect recipients of cultural artifacts .
 trade is not equally distribute among all countries because some are unable to trade effectively :
 people would never need their own pets tested ; why other animals ?
 russian double standards in opposing kosovo while helping s. ossetia .
 gun ownership is a means of national defense in emergencies .
 `` truth '' `` righteousness '' and `` the right path '' are legitimately notions making disagreement possible .
 government-approved insurers of us health care law limits competition
 criminalizing genocide denying makes it more attractive
 legacy admissions are essential to the prestige of the university .
 governments is not the driver of progress ; individuals are .
 universally health good achieved with mandates than public option
 corporal punishment induces fears and despair in children
 # bba spending limit of 18% would not fits w/ other timeless amendments .
 abstinence-only presumes pregnancy out-of-wedlock is never wrong
 nuclear warhead can not simply be scrapped they require testing .
 the costs of providing driver 's license to millions of illegal immigrants would be very high .
 animals are like creatures so why experiment on them ?
 that breastfeeding is naturally does not make it appropriate in public
 inbreeding is immorally bad for society over time .
 protectionism is a forms of monopolistic .
 synthetic biology is too unpredictable to be regulated .
 full-body scanner distracting from human intelligence
 progressive taxation risks corrupting public officials .
 the # nd amendments represented an equality not a rights for all americans
 breastfeeding is a privilege to watch but should not be interrupted .
 only the husband has the right to see a woman .
 it is irrational to ban condoms as long as the intended uses are not pornographic :
 striking of any kind should not be acceptable .
 private property is better than public smoking .
 arab countries not israel keep palestinians in state of limbo .
 the malvinas islands have been british possessions since 1690
 climate aid will bribes un votes from poor states .
 world opinion opposes an attack on iran .
 us estate taxes is large compared to other countries .
 alcoholic consumption not compared to military service
 republika srpska secession could incite bosnian croat secession
 oil sands ca n't competing w/ cleaner abundant cheaper natural gas
 terrorists trials threaten safe of area community
 locker-searches are inadequate for fighting weapons in schools
 religious buildings cancelled in past due to cultural sensitivities
 telling muslims they ca n't wear the headscarf is racism .
 crime camera evidence is very rarely used in court cases .
 water treatment plants often have to lining to meet groundwater regulations .
 the rule of laws will actually they to mean less if it exists in a perpetual state of potentially overturn .
 huge government programs create new problems .
 # -emissions vehicles superior to naturally gas ones
 corporations can spend freely to support candidates
 # health care reform may not cover enough uninsured
 spain never ceded the falklands to argentina after 1830 which is prohibited in international law .
 instant replay overturns the ordinary bad calls
 increasing drinking ages has reduced car accidents
 net neutrality will force network owners to constantly check whether their actions are within regulations .
 offshore drilling is not necessary to protecting lands with existing leases
 taiwan is the sole exception requested by us to mine ban
 kosovo independence was illegitimate so is a precedent for south ossetia
 unlimited spending let for . govts sway elections
 torture dehumanizes the inflicting inflicting such a trauma on an innocent victim
 reality show generating revenues . the profits from reality show are used for other purposes .
 random breath tests are a waste of time .
 primary election delegates are not distributed fairly between states
 hybrids are unfairly bashed by those who do n't drive
 abstinence-only support declines among peers as youths approach adolescence
 muslims should be included in the cultural debates but for now they are not .
 public insurance may forces private insurance rates increased
 mercenaries provide invaders an opportunity to shirk their responsibility to provide trained troops .
 parents are less likely to be good teachers as professionals .
 english-only policies increase non-native dropout rates
 pornography is about male testosterone getting even with women
 `` threat '' to societies is an overly subjective criteria for the banning of extremist groups from politics .
 mandatory service breeds discipline less naturally than voluntary service .
 smegma has important natural protection function
 humans and animals are of one family like brother and sisters
 students loan repayments make m.a.holders cheap employees
 republicans believe in equality of opportunity not outcomes
 faulty circumcised can result in losses of erection
 dams are just enormous concrete objects .
 being a clone is not an easy task but an importance one .
 leaked hydrogen damages the environment like chlorofluorocarbons .
 insufficient nitrogen levels will limit plant growth
 states that have balanced budgets amendments have to cut spending during recession/war .
 it is too hard to tell if rehabilitation has `` worked . ''
 ban on four bueno erroneously spoil fun of responsible drinkers .
 state-funded universal health health care is no right
 military recruits for wars that cut schools budgets .
 economic consideration should not be taken over principles support sanctions .
 foetuses are conscious in the womb and suffer during abortions
 if developers intentions pure they should be fine finding new site .
 mandatory insurance violate way to engaging in contracts
 moon colony would be impossible to successfully grow crops on
 commanders/officers which can not tell about orientation .
 geothermal energy can not scale to significantly cut emissions .
 marijuana special courts can help deal with judicial overload
 women in general are the victim of prostitution .
 australia 's monarchy is equivalent to the british monarchy
 having no light is not convenient .
 some zooplankton species causes red tides and other toxic phenomena .
 recruitment officers should not be in schools to persuade 16 and 17 year olds to join
 god exists ; it is just wishful thinking to believe in him
 solar electricity can not significantly reduce dependencies on oil .
 enhanced interrogation are torture ; not issue of `` bad apples ''
 part of the reason that partial birth abortion is illegal is that it causes the gruesome alternative to
 the clinton family controversy would be good for the country .
 the matters may be of culture liberty or multicultural liberty
 web quality can not be correlated with website sizes .
 leaking pipelines from oils rigs can jeopardize coastlines .
 kangaroos killings can jeopardize public safety .
 christianity has nothing against science .
 us-india nuclear deal exposes us to potential problems in the region
 facebook was not censored by chinese as harshly as them
 justice department attacked arizona over sovereign identification rule
 mccain 's long careers in senator is a negative
 aig should revealing contracts so public can judge validity
 charity is not meaningful in a capitalist system .
 algae biofuel will get worse before it gets better
 the database is immaterial to the acquittal or exclusion of non-offenders :
 open primaries increase fundraising power of parties and candidates
 cloned babies could be more individuality and interesting
 the eu is effectively a rich states club ; diluting its diversity of interests
 another dimension ; if muslims can expel head scarf why can n't others ?
 public insurance is just a sideshow in ideological war on government
 a good solutions to the us economic crisis can not be rushed
 calling internet a right is part of entitlement culture
 co-ops lack scale to negotiate prices of drugs services
 Kyoto allowances help obscure magnitude of human impact on warming change
 an accident could end the politics future of oxygen car
 net neutrality `` replaces innovations solutions with bureaucratic oversight .
 marijuana use can lead to cancer .
 the sales of vuvuzelas benefit those vendors that make and distribute them .
 commonly ownership of the means of producing is difficult
 republicans generally want no government funding for leftover embryos research .
 obama 's health care reform plan is too incomplete
 world 's manufacturing is in china emissions should be cuts there .
 those thefts on wikipedia are not correcting for months
 open caucuses will make politics more uninteresting
 banning head scarves is inconsistent with freedom of other symbols
 drones undermine cooperation with ally pakistan .
 the fact that a human is going to die does not justify experimenting on it .
 deporting 11 or 12 million illegal immigrants from the us would be too expensive
 bush wrongly create own definition of tortures
 globalization promotes materialistic values that undermining wider ethical and social values within each cultures
 civil unions are too much for some citizens
 during turmoil filibusters impede governments progress
 enhanced interrogation techniques were directly adapted from military training .
 methanol can damage and impair catalytic converters and seals
 violent law disobedience can never be justified .
 stability in new democracies would be best achieved through `` partnership for peace ''
 third parties falter in the early stages of their campaigns :
 boycotting the chinese olympic would hurt china 's international image
 dams strip the upstream soils of needed nutrients .
 attorney-client privilege helps protect the guilty .
 deepwater drilling is consistent with global normative
 wealthy foreign students can buy their way into top universities
 sex-ed is pushing by religious perspectives on marriage .
 caffeine is a drug ; quitting coffee is hard .
 non-american automakers are good suppliers of red cars .
 eu reform treaty creates the conditions for a transatlantic superstate
 arizona immigrants law undermines civil rights movement
 germany should be wider not deeper in its political development .
 do those that ca n't stand side-effects go back to jail .
 artists can make money even no the ban .
 the un charter and resolutions give the islanders a right to self-government .
 human mortality is ensuring by fighting global warming not moonbase .
 israel 's economy/business/workers can protect against reactors iran
 some studies show single-sex schools do not improve performance .
 restrictions on bank taxes protects banks from punitive new taxes
 a nuclear iran is not generally a major security risks
 public interest law jobs ca n't have low debts
 the british were the first to settle in the falkland islands .
 eco-tourism favors corporations interests over democratic processes
 free trade increases the life for children in developing countries .
 bullfights require significant governments subsidization .
 the government should n't play the role of huge brother with a smokers ban .
 the absence of women on the battlefield can increase the betting of physical abused and sexual trauma .
 if the us withdraws from iraq it would result in a genocide
 majority of iraqi shias support rejecting segregation along ethnic and sectarian lines
 the world can have no more conveniences than the moon .
 trying terrorists in us courts will not help us achieve anything .
 if internet access is a right so would be articles
 the selling of organs in china would legitimise human sacrifice .
 google right to working with chinese government does not mean supporting all policies
 difficult enforcement is no causes for legalizing incest .
 the palestinians are hungry for israeli territory .
 charter schools proliferate too quickly to monitor performance
 regenerative medicines depends on diversity of stem cell lines
 the continued us troop presence in iraq provides international support for the country .
 new start is about national politics not interests .
 the pentagon is prepare for war .
 the argument that socialism could do damage to the ecosystem rests on two erroneous assumptions .
 burning algae biofuel does not release much c02 into the atmosphere .
 outlawing holocaust denial risks revisionists being known `` deniers ''
 tv stations can easily adjust volume for vuvuzelas .
 hybrids are more efficient partly because they have smaller engines .
 reps believe heavy limits help ensuring safety net is not abused .
 car-makers adjust to gasoline economy cost by lowering other standards
 contraception is not taking from a created life ; it just before it begins
 majority of europeans are opposed to civilian trial of terrorists .
 children are predisposed to be antisocial ; video-games do not exacerbate this fact .
 european bailout would disproportionately burden some nations
 women prefer circumcised men for their attractive female genitalia
 the positive portrayal of women in media is not only about advertisements .
 a cluster bomb ban is worthless with so those non-signatories
 some children may getting bored during summer-break but more keeping busy .
 k-12 does not tracks progress of individual students .
 affirmative actions devalues the achievements of minorities .
 the problems is minuscule .
 poor condition of school fuels dropouts from poor countries .
 newton 's laws of action and reaction apply here .
 lawyers are less likely to cross over to other fields
 corporations free speech applies to employees too but not shareholders
 anything which involves raping animals is cruel ...
 in the short terms it might eliminate drug dealers on our streets but do any of us really think that
 the government would have to finance health care co-ops .
 translocation of kangaroos to new habitats is relatively easy .
 the # president 's attempt to impose cap-and-tax via epa was unconstitutional .
 nato solidarity against us cluster bomb ban undermines kyoto
 fairness doctrine would open costly political battle
 many could be motivated to work by a wish to aid their fellow man .
 crimes cameras place secure over law liberties .
 nuclear electricity is prohibitively expensive .
 a law degree is generally a bad investment
 forced national service breed animosity of state
 single-payer health care randle physicians and burns them out
 cheaper cleaning natural gas will smother carbon capture and storage
 co-ops create tension black-and-white doctors and governing boards
 schools make up problems about the headscarf as an excuses for intolerance of muslims .
 nclb damages relationship/accountability of school to community .
 space-bound solar panels degrade under earth 's atmosphere .
 the tax is only a tiny percentages of the total price :
 the eu is weaker in those areas where it is weaker .
 vuvuzelas ban would impose western values on world cup
 obama is right to sit down with iran 's iranian president
 york civilian trial re-opens wounds of # / # victims
 high-speed railway is just another expensive government project
 the malvinas islands are represented in the commonwealth .
 naturally gas can not be kept in its natural state so must be transported .
 reprocessing uranium-233 to make thorium is challenging .
 p-5 nations will not allow the abolition of their un sc veto
 icc is only a tools for protect interests of powerful states .
 two-state solution would kill idea of palestinian return .
 earmarks benefit citizens with powerful legislators .
 direct democracy works well on small scales .
 removing the easy opportunity to commit crime .
 kangaroos can be moved to protected habitats when they destroy crops .
 multiculturalism creates class distinctions that alienate minority groups
 warming may dry out the upper levels of the innermost atmospheric layer the troposphere and less water meaning a
 us insists in international law and prosecuting wars criminals
 terms statements against needle exchange may be pushing by politics pressures
 assange has neither of the transparency it espouses .
 gay marriage is not a way between heterosexuals and bisexuals
 driver 's licenses would have to be offered to all illegal immigrants ( not just mexican )
 hate crime laws could only increase racial tension .
 `` democracy has never endured in countries with mainly non-market economies .
 dream act unsupported no extensive reform .
 if not torture sleep deprivation is cruel and inhumane .
 turkey 's admission would expose the eu to new conflicts and dangers .
 the electro-magnetic is an global think tank for sound economics policy .
 legalization would improve quality control over illegal drugs
 from a utilitarian perspectives morality should not be based on habitat similarities
 nato expansion can only lead to the overstretching of the organisations and thus the undermining of stability for the entirety
 kyoto protocol improperly exempts developing nations .
 independent central banks can work for developing countries .
 revenues from reality shows can be used for good purposes .
 tokyo emissions reduction are undermined by corrupt
 too few crime cameras are working to fight/deter crime
 banning laser mistreats technologies sets bad precedent
 bric are wealthy much to adapt on own .
 difficulties in defining fair use leads to wasteful court-battles .
 parenting care should be universally accessible with a simple charge of $1 .
 a us-india nuclear deal will gut the npt .
 teachers are often discriminated against in single-sex schools .
 newspapers can succeed by adopt newest journalists
 obama only campaigning in # years for which he received peace prize .
 labelling disregards that all foods are genetic modified .
 excess weight in a suitcase is not equivalent to full life in a person .
 young adults often can afford pubs and would merely buy liquor cheaply at supermarkets .
 profiling makes us more secure ; random screenings are fair
 ideologies drive false medical justifications for circumcision
 tax cut are a better alternative to huge government spending .
 we maintained values/laws amidst worse enemies than terrorists .
 there are not enough votes to pass a public insurance plan .
 photovoltaic farms can vandalize natural landscapes .
 most national id schemes do not taking into accounts legitimate reasons for concealing identity .
